Add configurable colophon (#554)
kitconcept/volto-light-theme: docs/conceptual-guides/site-customization.md

The footer can contain a list of logos.
These are images defined in the site with links to other pages, each of which is defined by the fields for a title, a target URL, and a boolean for whether or not to open the link in a new tab.
Their appearance can be further customized by defining the size of the logos, as either `small` or `large`, and the width of the their container, either `default` or `layout`.

### Footer colophon text

> The footer contains by default a colophon text.
> It's the last line of the footer, but it can be customized to show any text you want using this option.

Reviewer: Where's the option to customize? I think this needs a how-to guide entry.

```suggestion
The footer contains a colophon text by default.
It's the last line of the footer.
You can customize it to show any text you want using this option.
```
